Online_Bullying_System_Backend/README.md, before:

# Flask API Project

This project is a Flask-based API that provides a platform for handling various functionalities. It serves as a basic template for building RESTful APIs using Flask.

## Project Structure

```
flask-api-project/
├── app/                     # Main application directory
│   ├── __init__.py          # Initializes the Flask application
│   ├── routes.py            # Defines API endpoints
│   └── models.py            # Data models for the application
├── requirements.txt         # List of Python packages required for the project
├── config.py                # Configuration settings for the Flask application
└── README.md                # Project documentation
```

## Setup Instructions

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd flask-api-project
   ```

2. **Create a virtual environment:**
   ```
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows use `venv\Scripts\activate`
   ```

3. **Install the required packages:**
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. **Run the application:**
   ```
   flask run
   ```

## Usage

- Access the API endpoints defined in the `routes.py` file.
- Modify the `models.py` file to define your data models as needed.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please submit a pull request or open an issue for any enhancements or bug fixes.

Commit message:

Implement SSL/TLS for secure connection preventing MITM attack

Online_Bullying_System_Backend/README.md, after:

# Flask API Project

This project is a Flask-based API that provides a platform for handling various functionalities. It serves as a basic template for building RESTful APIs using Flask.

## Project Structure

```
flask-api-project/
├── app/                     # Main application directory
│   ├── __init__.py          # Initializes the Flask application
│   ├── routes.py            # Defines API endpoints
│   └── models.py            # Data models for the application
├── requirements.txt         # List of Python packages required for the project
├── config.py                # Configuration settings for the Flask application
└── README.md                # Project documentation
```

## Setup Instructions

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd flask-api-project
   ```

2. **Create a virtual environment:**
   ```
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows use `venv\Scripts\activate`
   ```

3. **Install the required packages:**
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. **Run the application:**
   ```
   flask run
   ```

## Usage

- Access the API endpoints defined in the `routes.py` file.
- Modify the `models.py` file to define your data models as needed.

## Enforcing HTTPS (TLS)

TLS support is baked into `run.py` so the API can be served over HTTPS without a reverse proxy.

1. Generate a certificate + private key (self-signed example):
   ```bash
   mkdir -p certs
   openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:4096 -nodes -days 825 \
     -keyout certs/server.key \
     -out certs/server.crt \
     -subj "/CN=localhost"
   ```
2. Update `.env` with the paths:
   ```
   REQUIRE_HTTPS=true
   SSL_CERT_PATH=certs/server.crt
   SSL_KEY_PATH=certs/server.key
   # SSL_KEY_PASSWORD= if your key is encrypted
   ```
3. Start the server with `python run.py`. The Flask dev server will now listen with TLS 1.2+ and refuse plaintext HTTP when `REQUIRE_HTTPS=true`. HSTS and secure-cookie flags are also enabled automatically.

When terminating TLS elsewhere (NGINX, load balancer), keep `REQUIRE_HTTPS=true` so that HTTP requests are still rejected/redirected by the app.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please submit a pull request or open an issue for any enhancements or bug fixes.
